Drop healthcheck builds since the images aren't really maintained (#25)
docker-library/healthcheck: README.md

# `HEALTHCHECK`

> This is an example set of prototype images for enabling [`HEALTHCHECK`](https://github.com/docker/docker/issues/21142) behavior in the official images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an example set of prototypes for enabling [`HEALTHCHECK`](https://github.com/docker/docker/issues/21142) behavior in select official images.
```

> These Dockerfiles are not maintained and are only provided as a reference in implementing your own `HEALTHCHECK`. No images are built and pushed to a Docker Registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is not actively maintained and only exists as a reference in implementing your own `HEALTHCHECK` which meets your particular needs more accurately than these generic examples possibly could. Resulting images are **not** actively built and pushed to a Docker Registry (and the `FROM` lines are likely even outdated).
```
